c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.dll.config
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.pdb
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\SMG.Core.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.Models.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.Models.pdb
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.pdb
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.dll
c:\users\aeaton\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.pdb
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.dll.config
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.pdb
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\SMG.Core.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.Models.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Data.Models.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\SMG.Core.Data.MongoDB.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.Models.pdb
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.pdb
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Data.Models.pdb
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.dll
C:\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.pdb
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.dll.config
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.pdb
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\SMG.Core.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.Models.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\WebGrease.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Data.Models.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\SMG.Core.Data.MongoDB.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.Models.pdb
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Business.pdb
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\UnitTestWorkshop.Data.Models.pdb
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.dll
\\AEATON01\UnitTestingTraining\UnitTestWorkshop\UnitTestWorkshop\obj\Debug\UnitTestWorkshop.pdb
